# TheUnknownOne's Server Tools*Everyone is welcome to make pull requests, but make sure the code does not give parse errors!****## File: scripts.js### Version: 2.0.50 Release Candidate 2**Report bugs in Issues**  _Before reporting bugs:_  JSESSION might have updated, try using the following:  Channel bug: `/recreate channel`  Tour bug: `/recreate tour`  User bug: `/recreate user`  If you're not sure, use `/recreate`  NOTE: These will reset channel data like topic and auths, and ends the tour.    Or you might need to restart the server.> Features:Single, Double and Triple (Tag Team) elimination channel tours.Money, Temp Auths, Ability to change auth names.Many commands, Custom Ability Bans.Timed Channel Mutes and Bans, Mutes, Bans and RangebansMany settings to change, BBCode, Rankicons, Grammar editor.Pointer Commands, Mail, Mafia, Trivia, Maintains PO tier bans,Voices, Tour Auth, Channel Tour Auth, Channel Auth,Automatic Fatal Script Error Recovery, Styles~ And more!> Soon to come:  Script Data importer for Lutra's and PO's script  Pointer Command aliases in command list.  Ability to turn autokick and automute on/off.  > Now accepting server requests for commands.  Notify me on github or PO, with the following form:  Server Name(s)  Code (put in a pastebin)/Idea  Or you can make a pull request (a server request is already in the code,  so follow the format of it)  If approved, I will add it (and possibly tweek it)* * *  ***## Directory: posimplified  > A preview of the library I'm working on.Feel free to make a pull request.******## Directory: serverbot> A preview of a bot I'm working on.Feel free to make a pull request.***  ***## Directory: goodies> A few useful things such as mafia themes and snippets  Feel free to make a pull request.* * *